We designed our Colab with a format which allows other to successfully replicate our results and further withholds the space to successfully view how to alter the algorithmic code in the case of wanting to forecast through manipulation of other multivariate variables within a dataset.
-	The first section of code which falls under the “Installing Competition Dataset and Kaggle into notebook” provides a tutorial like sequence of code blocks for users to effortlessly upload their Kaggle.json file and further view the available Kaggle dataset list to correctly download and further unzip the correct competition data.
-	The “Displaying all provided data” tab allows for the proper importing of individual csv files alongside being able to use proper python panda structures to separate and display data. Within this section we also show the splitting of specific data and how it may be further combined to display correlations and connections like that of average sales within the provided years within the dataset. We also provide code for coming forth in understanding the data provided with the viewing of seasonal patterns, holiday to sale correlation and extensive sale to multi variable correlations.
-	Within the tab “Jax Implementation for linear regression and gradient descent on data”, we mirror the displaying of previous variables to present correlation and a bases for the variables which will further allow predicting a forecast. While the following sections allow for an easy-to-follow guide for implementing Linear Regression with the usage of the python libraries NumPy and JAX. 
o	The Gradient Descent portion provides further insight towards the ability of minimizing the model error with the previously established linear regression model.

